‘Good morning, I would like to get
my son’s admission here, please’
‘Birth certificate, Aadhar Card, PAN card, Xth
Marks Card, XIIth Marks Card, Driver’s licence,
Passport, Life Insurance Policy, Income Tax
Returns, PF, PT and Bank Statements please’
‘I am sorry, I don’t want to open
a company, just my son’s admission’
‘Birth certificate, Aadhar Card, PAN card-’
‘Okay, okay! I will get it!’
‘I assume your kid has a mother too?’
‘Yes?’
‘Hers as well’
‘Jesus-’
‘Does he have any siblings?’
‘Yeah, a brother’
‘His too’
‘He’s three’
‘Sign here then’
‘What’s this?’
‘Document certifying that your second kid
shall be abandoned and shall henceforth
be in the custody of our Institution’
‘What? No! I will just get it alright?!’
*48 hours later*
‘Here you go - every
freaking-damn thing you ordered’
‘How would you like to pay?’
‘Er…Cash?’
‘In instalments or in lumpsum?’
‘How much is it for each?’
‘In instalments it is one lakh per annum’
‘Oh, that’s not so…bad’
‘With a 135% compound interest rate’
‘What?’
‘By the end of twelfth year, parents
usually donate their kidney, liver or an eye’
*silence*
‘Sometimes both eyes’
‘I will take the lumpsum package please’
‘That shall be 50 lakhs’
‘Wow, okay…’
‘Plus, your wife’s dowry’
‘What?’
‘Plus, GST’
‘Fine! Let me just arrange it okay?’
*72 hours later*
‘There! Take everything! Fixed Deposits,
my wife’s jewellery, my childhood
cricket cards special edition… Everything!’
‘Thank you. Would you like to know what we offer?’
‘Yes, please…’
‘We offer education from pre-nursery to PhD’
‘Okay…’
‘Yeah, that’s it…’
‘What’s the whole system like?’
‘Our system is based on three main principles’
‘Okay’
‘1. Rote memorization’
‘Er…’
‘2. Rote memorization’
*silence*
‘Would you like to guess
what our third principle is?’
‘Rote memorization?’
‘See? It works’
‘What about analytical and decision-making
skills? Soft skills, life skills?’
‘Pardon me for not asking this
question before, but are you stupid?’
‘What? No. I would… like to think…I am not’
‘THEN STOP ASKING STUPID QUESTIONS!’
‘Okay, but what about co-curricular activities?’
‘I am sorry what?’
‘You know, like sports, dance and music’
‘Oh, we give special attention to those as well…’
‘Good, my son wants to be a Basketball player’
‘But only till the 9th grade. We throw away
all that by the start of the 10th
standard as students have to focus on
real studies’
‘What? Why?’
‘Priorities. What would you do if you had
to choose between your dick and your wife?’
‘That is…not an appropriate analogy’
‘We are simply filling all holes we see…’
‘Still not appropriate. How
are the exams conducted?’
‘Exams are divided into four-unit tests, one
half yearly and one final exam, for each class’
‘Sounds jam-packed’
‘But don’t worry, all these don’t
matter. The only exam your child has to worry
about are the two Board exams in Xth and XIIth’
‘What about XIth?
‘We give them false
hope that the worst is over, so when they
come to XIIth - BANG! Surprise motherfu-!’
‘Ooookay – what are the variety
of things my son can pursue?
‘Oh, we have various kinds of streams
for you kid, from science to commerce’
‘How-how many streams altogether?’
‘Two. Literally science to commerce’
‘What about Arts?’
‘Pardon me for not asking
this question before, but are you stupid?’
‘Oh, so we are doing this thing again?
Okay – last question’
‘Yes?’
‘Will my son get a job?’
‘Oh yes, of course he will!’
‘That’s great!’
‘We will make sure he does!’
‘Good…’
‘We will make extra sure he does’
‘Okay…’
‘We will make extra-extra sure that he does!’
‘Now you’re just putting too much
pressure… on the… on the ‘extra’’
‘If your son doesn’t get a job,
how will our system continue?’
‘Huh?’
*laughs*
‘You’re so naïve, I like that about you!’
‘What are you talking about?’
‘See, your son will get a job, okay?’
‘Okay’
‘But only after taking a huge loan from the Bank’
‘But I just paid the lumpsum’
‘That’s only till 12th. What about college?’
‘I thought you covered that…’
*laughs*
‘Don’t be silly.
Of course, that is to be paid separately!
That’s our most profit-making portfolio!’
‘Oh my God…’
‘So, once he is
done getting a job, he will have to work
for the next ten years, paying it off.
Which means he will have very little savings
left to pursue anything else… Which means,
he will be stuck in the same job, and by the
time he is done repaying it, he will have a
child of his own! And I don’t have to tell you
how much money he would need for that, do I?
He will *laughs* probably have to sell
his soul or something by then *laughs*’
*nervous laughter*
*laughter
slowly dies…*
‘Haa….So… any more
questions?’
‘Er-’
*phone rings*
‘One second’
‘Okay’
‘Hello?
Yeah…Uh huh… Okay. Alright, thanks. Bye’
‘Yeah, so I had this one question on-’
‘Sorry to cut you, but do you remember all the
documents that you submitted at the beginning?’
‘Yeah…’
‘Yeah, so we
found that your Xth Marks card has an extra ‘H’
written on it. So, you will need to correct it,
cancel everything and start all over again’
‘WHAT THE FUUUC-’